# Instructions (remove this)

Your overview should consist of two parts:

- a Getting Started Guide and
- Step-by-Step Instructions for how you propose to evaluate your artifact (with
  appropriate connections to the relevant sections of your paper

The Getting Started Guide should contain setup instructions (including, for
example, a pointer to the VM player software, its version, passwords if needed,
etc.) and basic testing of your artifact that you expect a reviewer to be able
to complete in 30 minutes. Reviewers will follow all the steps in the guide
during an initial phase of the evaluation period. You should write your Getting
Started Guide to be as simple and straightforward as possible, and yet it should
stress the key elements of your artifact. If well written, anyone who has
successfully completed the Getting Started Guide should not have any technical
difficulties with the rest of your artifact. This guide is your only opportunity
to allow “debugging” of your artifact. Once the reviewers have completed this
phase, there will be no further opportunity for interaction between reviewer and
authors.

The Step by Step Instructions should explain how to reproduce any experiments or
other activities that support the conclusions in your paper in full detail.
Write this for future researchers who have a deep interest in your work and who
are studying it to improve it or compare against it faithfully. If your artifact
is a tool, and running it to reproduce your experiments takes more than a few
minutes, point this out and point out ways to run it on smaller inputs if
possible.

Where appropriate, include descriptions of and links to files (included in the
archive) that represent expected outputs (e.g., the log files expected to be
generated by your tool on the given inputs); if there are warnings that are safe
to be ignored, explain which ones they are.

#  Getting Started Guide

- **VM player**               : VirtualBox 5.1.22
- **VM player download link** : https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Linux_Downloads
- **VM username**             : paper34
- **VM password**             : paper34

# Step-by-Step Instructions
